As a Guest User,
	I must be able to use/access the system using internet
		Using browser in desktop, tablet, android phone and iphone
		Able to install the mobile web app in android phones and iphones
	I must be able to register as Pedia or Parent.

As a Registered User(Pedia, Receptionist, Parent),
    	I must be able to use/access the system using internet
		Using browser in desktop, tablet, android phone and iphone
		Able to install the mobile web app in android phones and iphones
	I must be able to login/logout
	I must be able to manage my profile 
		Change name, contact #, and upload profile picture

As as Parent,
    	I must be able to search pedia/clinic
    	I must be able to view details of a clinic
		Name, address/location, contact numbers, opening days/hours
	I must be able to add/manage my children information (name, age, gender)
		Personal data, medical history, treatment plan etc.
	I must be able to assign clinics that can view my children information
    	I must be able to book an appointment for my children to a clinic.
		Provided the parent assigned the clinic to the children.
		Clinic will be notified and need confirmation
    	I must be able to delete my children pending appointment(s)
    	I must be able to cancel an accepted appointment for my children, specifying the reason.
	I must be able to view the patient details of my children a given clinic
		Personal data, medical history, treatment plan etc.

As a Pedia or Receptionist,
	I must be able to View Patient Records.
		View the contact details of the Parent.
    	I must be able to View today, new, upcoming, and overdue appointments (Dashboard)
	I must be able to book an appointment for Patient(Child) assigned to my Clinic
		Parent will be notified and need confirmation	
	I must be able to cancel an accepted appointment, specifying the reason.
	I must be able to mark an appointment as Completed
		Parent will be notified

As a Pedia of a Clinic,	
    	I must be able to add Receptionist(s)
	I must be able to View Patient Records
		View the contact details of the Parent.
		Add medical history, treatment plan etc.	
    
As a Receptionist of a Clinic, 
	- see as pedia or receptionist
	- function of this user/role is a subset of the Pedia user    
